Proc. of the 2nd International Conference on Electrical, Communication and Computer Engineering (ICECCE)
12-13 June 2020, Istanbul, Turkey
An Optimized Hardware/Software Co-Design
Framework for Real-Time Pedestrian Detection
Mirza Athar Baig
Department of Electrical Engineering,
School of Science and Engineering,
LUMS, Lahore, Pakistan
Email:15060027@lums.edu.pk
Muhammad Adeel Pasha
Department of Electrical Engineering,
School of Science and Engineering,
LUMS, Lahore, Pakistan
Email:adeel.pasha@lums.edu.pk
Shahid Masud
Department of Electrical Engineering,
School of Science and Engineering,
LUMS, Lahore, Pakistan
Email:smasud@lums.edu.pk
Abstract—Real-time Pedestrian Detection is an important fea-
ture of on-board intelligent Advanced Driver Assistance System
(ADAS). The system employs feature detection and classiﬁcation
to identify human objects for pedestrian detection and their
collision avoidance. However, these processes are computationally
expensive and too complex for real-time implementation on a
general-purpose processor. To address the issue of real-time
deployment of such systems, this paper presents an approach
using hardware/software co-design based on Xilinx Zynq FPGA
and optimized OpenCV implementation. It uses Histogram of
Oriented Gradients (HOG) features for human object detection
and multi-stage Support Vector Machine (SVM) for object classi-
ﬁcation. The results show that our proposed co-design approach
is at least 7× lower in latency than the reported software-based
implementations and 6.6× faster than the previously reported
HW/SW co-design approaches. In addition, our solution achieves
94% recall and 92% precision for 640×480 resolution images.
The results have been veriﬁed using INRIA and MIT datasets.
Index Terms—Co-design Methodology; FPGAs; Object Clas-
siﬁcation; HOG; SVM
I. INTRODUCTION
The global status report on road safety 2015 indicates that
1.35 million people per year die in road accidents including
26% are pedestrians and cyclists [1]. In Pakistan, every year
more than 27,000 people die in trafﬁc accidents [2]. Most of
these deaths are caused due to human error or negligence.
According to World Health Organization (WHO) in an acci-
dent, pedestrians are 1.5× more likely to be killed than the
driver of the vehicle [3]. The reasons behind these accidents
include a limited view of the driver and human perception
limitations. Most of the pedestrian-vehicle collisions occur
in urban environment where complex scenes and continuous
motion of the scene-elements make it more challenging for
the drivers to act promptly and avoid collisions.
To avoid above-mentioned issues, Advanced Driver Assis-
tance Systems (ADAS) are being developed where the main
objective is to enhance the human visual information using one
or more cameras mounted outside the driver’s cabin [4]. The
major processing workload performed by pedestrian detection
systems can be partitioned into two phases: (i) feature extrac-
tion from the input image and (ii) its classiﬁcation into human
objects. As far as feature extraction is concerned, different
features can be used for the object detection in images that
include HAAR-like, Discriminatory Haar Features (DHFs),
HAAR-cascade, etc.
Similarly, the authors in [5] suggested Histogram of Ori-
ented Gradients (HOG) features for pedestrian detection that
have proven very effective for human detection. The HOG
features are robust in terms of color and shape of the person,
and distinguish them from the background. However, these
features require huge amount of computing resources that
becomes a bottleneck for real-time embedded implementation
to be used in ADAS like embedded applications.
Subsequently, for the classiﬁcation phase, several method-
ologies can be used that include Artiﬁcial Neural Network
(ANN), Decision Tree (DT), Support Vector Machine (SVM)
and Fuzzy Classiﬁcation. Since the base work done in [5]
uses SVM-based classiﬁcation, we have also incorporated a
multi-stage SVM for object classiﬁcation in our design-ﬂow.
However, multi-stage SVM classiﬁcation is also too complex
for real-time implementation on a general-purpose processor.
To facilitate embedded implementation, we are proposing
a Hardware/Software (HW/SW) co-design methodology that
can be used for such object detection and classiﬁcation system.
The proposed approach starts with system proﬁling to gauge
the computational intensities of different tasks involved in
pedestrian detection system. The compute-intensive tasks are
then off-loaded to the hardware while the control-oriented
tasks are run on the programmable logic or the software.
We have used the Xilinx Zedboard as co-design platform
that includes a Xilinx Zynq FPGA for the hardware part and
an ARM-Core A9 processor for the software part. Xillybus
IP-CORE [6] is used for data communication between the
hardware and ARM-Core eliminating the complexities and
latencies of AXI ports. The merits of both processor (software)
and FPGA (hardware) are combined to obtain better results
and real-time performance. For demonstration purposes, we
978-1-7281-7116-6/20/$31.00 ©2020 IEEE
Authorized licensed use limited to: SLUB Dresden. Downloaded on January 02,2025 at 09:31:48 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
Gradient
Computation
Histogram and
Orientation
Binning
Block
Normalization
HOG Computation
Input 
Image
Phase I
SVM Classification
and Bounding Box
Sketching
Phase II
Offline Trained 
SVM Model
Fig. 1. System-Level Design-Flow of HOG-based Pedestrian Detection System
have used HOG features for object detection and multi-stage
SVM for the classiﬁcation.
The results show that our proposed implementation has a
speedup of 6.6× with a 4–6% better precision than the existing
HW/SW co-design approaches reported in the literature [7].
Similarly, it is at least 7× faster than the software-only ap-
proaches. Moreover, our proposed system can detect more than
seven different-sized human objects using multi-scale object
detection. The proposed system uses an ofﬂine trained model
for classiﬁcation that is implemented in software on ARM-
Core A9 processor. This feature makes the overall system
very ﬂexible and can be adapted for applications other than
the pedestrian detection by just adding or changing the ofﬂine
trained classiﬁcation models.
The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. In
Section II, related work is presented. The algorithmic overview
of feature-detection system and a system-level load proﬁl-
ing is discussed in Section III. Section IV describes in detail
our proposed HW/SW co-design approach along with the
contribution in improving the efﬁciency of OpenCV-based
classiﬁcation system. Section V presents detailed results of our
implementation and its comparison against existing designs.
The paper is ﬁnally concluded in Section VI.
II. RELATED WORK
As we are using HOG features for human object detection
and then SVM-based object classiﬁcation as a test-case of our
co-design methodology, we restrict ourselves to the related
work in these two domains.
The authors in [5] proposed HOG features to detect hu-
man objects in images and video frames. Since then, many
researchers have attempted to efﬁciently implement these
features on different processing architectures such as graphical
processing units (GPUs), digital signal processing (DSP) pro-
cessors and ﬁeld programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). GPU
based solutions in [8] and [9] are not feasible for real-time
embedded applications due to their high power and energy
consumption. In [10], HOG+SVM-based pedestrian detection
system is implemented on a DSP processor that achieved 8
frames per seconds (fps) on 640×480 resolution images.
In [11], 60 fps is achieved for images of same resolution
through an FPGA-based implementation. However, these can
detect only single-sized human objects and the implementa-
tions would fail if the size of human object varies in the image.
2×2 Cell
8×16 Cell Window
Gradient Angles
Histogram Bins
Fig. 2. Cell, Block, and Histogram in Feature Extraction
Such approaches cannot be used in ADAS application as the
human object size will vary as a pedestrian will move relative
to a moving vehicle. A better approach would be a multi-scale
detection system that can detect human objects of different
sizes.
The work reported in [12] is an FPGA-based hardware-
only approach that achieves 90.2% detection rate on high
resolution 1080P video streams but lacks in precision which
is reported to be 86.6%. A safety critical application like
pedestrian detection would require higher values for recall and
accuracy. Similarly, work done in [7] is an extension of [12]
towards HW/SW co-design but it achieved only 0.45 fps on a
350×175 resolution image. One major factor in this signiﬁcant
latency degradation is the data transfer bottleneck between the
hardware and software components of their co-design.
III. ALGORITHMIC OVERVIEW AND SYSTEM PROFILING
Fig. 1 shows the generic system-level design-ﬂow of HOG-
based pedestrian detection system. The overall system can be
partitioned into two major phases: (i) HOG feature extraction
from the input image and (ii) the classiﬁcation of HOG
features into human objects using SVM.
Authorized licensed use limited to: SLUB Dresden. Downloaded on January 02,2025 at 09:31:48 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 



	

	








	
	







 
!"#
	


				


Fig. 3. System Proﬁling to identify the Compute Intensive Tasks
A. Feature Extraction
In the ﬁrst phase (Phase-I), a sliding window approach is
used to compute HOG features. For each pixel of the image,
two-dimensional (2D) gradients are calculated using Eq. (1)
and (2).
fx(x, y) = ∂I(x, y)/∂x = I(x + 1, y) −I(x −1, y)
(1)
fy(x, y) = ∂I(x, y)/∂y = I(x, y + 1) −I(x, y −1)
(2)
The magnitude of the ﬁnal vector can be calculated by the
square root of the sum of the squares of each gradient as given
in Eq. (3).
m(x, y) =

fx(x, y)2 + fy(x, y)2
(3)
Similarly, the angle of the ﬁnal vector is calculated by
calculating the tangent of the horizontal and vertical gradient
as given by Eq. (4).
θ(x, y) = tan−1(fx/fy)
(4)
The whole image window is divided into spatial locations
of predeﬁned size, called a “cell” and a combination of cells
is called a “block”. For instance, Fig. 2 shows a cell with a
size of 8×8 pixels while a block is made of 2×2 cells. Each
pixel (in a cell) votes for a histogram bin. The angle of the
pixel vector (θ) decides the bin where its vote will be counted
for and the vote is simply the magnitude of the ﬁnal vector
(m) as shown in Fig. 2. Further details on HOG extraction
and binning can be found in [5].
B. Feature Classiﬁcation using Support Vector Machine
(SVM)
In second phase (Phase-II) of the design-ﬂow, the extracted
features are fed to a multi-stage support vector machine (SVM)
for classiﬁcation between pedestrian and non-pedestrian. For
classiﬁcation of the HOG feature vector h, we have used a
linear SVM that computes a binary classiﬁcation function z(h)
using Eq. (5).
z(h) = wt.h + b
(5)
Where the weight vector, w and the bias, b are determined
during the training phase of the SVM. Small changes in these
parameters have a strong impact on classiﬁcation accuracy
as described in [13]. Consequently, both parameters require
ﬂoating point (FP) implementation. If z(h) > 0, a pedestrian
is considered as detected, and vice versa.
C. System Proﬁling
Since different tasks involved in the design-ﬂow are com-
putationally disparate, we started with a system-level proﬁling
to ﬁnd out the most compute-intensive tasks that can then be
moved to hardware in a co-design approach. Fig. 3 presents
the system proﬁling results of the overall pedestrian detection
design-ﬂow. It is evident that more than 75% of the time is
consumed in the execution of subroutines of HOG feature
extraction, i.e. gradient computation, histogram for orientation
binning and block normalization, which makes it a strong
candidate for hardware acceleration on FPGA. Besides this,
HOG algorithm has a lot potential for parallel processing due
to its sliding window nature lending the possibility to compute
many windows in parallel. In addition, as mentioned earlier,
the variables involved in SVM classiﬁcation require a ﬂoating
point (FP) precision for accurate computation which is quite
costly and not favored for FPGA implementation. Hence, to
get the best of both the hardware and software resources, we
decided to place Phase-I and Phase-II of our design-ﬂow to
FPGA fabric and ARM-Core A9 processor, respectively.
IV. PROPOSED HARDWARE/SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN
FRAMEWORK
Xilinx Zedboard is used as a target platform for our
HW/SW co-design framework. This board has two parts: (i)
Programmable Logic (PL) and (ii) Processing System (PS). PL
consists of Xilinx Zynq 7 series fabric with 85 k programmable
logic cells while the PS consists of an ARM dual-core Cortex-
A9 MPCore which can be used as a Linux-based system [14].
The overall architecture is shown in Fig. 4.
A. Software Platform and Implementation
The PS is used as the software platform. It uses Xilinx
proprietary operating system called Xilinux that is based on
Ubuntu 12.4 LTS distribution.
OpenCV-2.3.1v is used on the PS side to perform all
the operations. The ARM processor reads the input image,
converts it into greyscale and sends it to the FPGA fabric
(PL) to extract the HOG descriptors as shown in Fig. 4. The
PL then sends back the HOG descriptors to the PS through
Xillybus and the PS subsequently implements linear SVM for
the classiﬁcation phase of the pedestrian detection.
In our co-design, we used Xillybus IP core for data com-
munication between the PL and the PS that removes the
complexity of AXI ports for data synchronization. Xilinux
contains the drivers for the Xillybus IP-core which is based on
DMA and can be used for data transfer between a processor
running Linux and a Xilinx FPGA core. It resulted in a
signiﬁcant reduction in the development time for the hardware
Authorized licensed use limited to: SLUB Dresden. Downloaded on January 02,2025 at 09:31:48 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
Downscaled 
Image # 1
Image
Buffer
HOG
Computation
Engine # 1
PL
Xillybus
IP Core
Downscaled 
Image # n
...
HOG
Computation
Engine # n
...
HOG Feature
Serialization
Images in
SD Card
RGB to
Greyscale
SVM
Classification
Non-maxima
Suppression
and Bounding
Box Sketching
PS
Fig. 4. Generic Overview of HW/SW Co-Design Framework.
Application
FIFO
Application
FIFO
Xillybus
IP Core
full
wr_en
data
empty
rd_en
data
Xilinx or
Altera
PCIe
Interface
IP Core
PCIe 
Bus
Fig. 5. Simpliﬁed Block Diagram of Xillybus IP Core.
part of the framework as we avoided the coding for complex
AXI or PCIe interfaces. In addition, due to cleaner interface,
the processing time of overall design is reduced which partially
improved the throughput when compared to the existing co-
design approaches such as [7]. Fig 5 presents a simpliﬁed
block diagram of the Xillybus IP Core interfaces [6].
The SVM was trained on INRIA dataset. Training is a one-
time ofﬂine process and the trained model is saved in the PS
for the classiﬁcation. One of the major contributions of our co-
design approach is to reduce the false positive detection rate
of default OpenCV implementation that uses a linear SVM.
Experiments show that the default OpenCV implementation
of HOG + SVM based pedestrian detection results in very
low precision of around 80.86% due to a high false positive
rate. We ﬁlled this performance gap by a multi-stage training
process. In multi-stage training, the training process is divided
into several distinct training steps where each step employs
the results of the previous ones to further reﬁne the training
process. The process is repeated until no further improvement
is detected. Fig. 6 shows the overall training phase of a single-
stage linear SVM for classiﬁcation.
To elaborate further, the HOG features extracted from the
training samples of INRIA Pedestrian dataset [15] are fed to
the SVM training class to train the initial classiﬁer. The trained
	





	


	





	
	
!
"#!
Fig. 6. Single-Stage of SVM Model Training
Fig. 7. Hard Examples of False Positives
SVM is applied to the original negative training set and a
positive detection in this set means a false positive as shown
by an example in Fig. 7.
The windows marked red in Fig. 7 are false positive that
LUT (for tan-1) 
Adder Tree
...
Descriptor 
Vectors
x1/2
1/x
Ix
Ix+1
Iy
Iy+1
Gx
Gy
Gx2
Gy2
v1
v12
v2
v22
vn
vn2
V
HOG 
Descriptor
x1/2
=?
Fig. 8. A Basic PE designed for HOG Feature Extraction.
Authorized licensed use limited to: SLUB Dresden. Downloaded on January 02,2025 at 09:31:48 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
occurred while testing the ﬁrst stage linear SVM trained model
and these are called “hard examples”. In multi-stage classiﬁ-
cation, these windows are cropped, re-sized to 64×128 pixels
and added to the negative training set. The SVM model then
is retrained with this enhanced negative set and this process
is reiterated until no further hard examples are found. This
method helps in signiﬁcant reduction in false positives. The
SVM classiﬁcation is followed by a non-maxima suppression
to avoid multiple detections of the same window due to multi-
scale detection. Finally, a bounding box is drawn around the
detected window.
B. Hardware Platform and Implementation
For co-design framework, the PL part of ZedBoard is
used as a target hardware platform to implement the HOG
feature extraction algorithm. We developed the HOG feature
extraction IP in C++ and used the Xilinx Vivado High Level
Synthesis (HLS) 2015.2 to generate and optimize that IP into
synthesizable Verilog hardware description language (HDL).
Vivado is also used for the connection of PL and PS through
Xillybus as described earlier. Finally, a bit-stream for FPGA
implementation is generated.
For multi-scale detection, the original image is down-
sampled using bi-linear interpolation to obtain several images
of different scales. For this purpose, an intermediate image
buffer is created that stores one image at a time. This buffer is
updated as soon as a new image is available. Hence, instead
of sliding one window at a time, we can parallelize the
operation and calculate all windows of a particular section
simultaneously.
All the low-scaled images with the scale factor of 1.2 are
computed. The default conﬁgurations of HOG, as proposed
in [5], were used in hardware design and it is implemented as
shown in Phase-I of the design-ﬂow (Fig. 1). The gradient of
the image is then calculated by simply subtracting the neigh-
boring pixel using Eq. (1) and (2). Magnitude and angle of the
gradient are calculated using the Eq. (3) and (4). Fig. 8 shows
one basic processing element (PE) that was manually designed
and implemented to perform HOG descriptor extraction. Given
the logic resources available in PL for Zedboard, we were
able to instantiate ﬁfteen (15) parallel PEs to increase the
throughput of our design.
These equations are implemented in single precision FP
to gain the maximum of accuracy through features. These
gradients are then fed to the histogram and binning blocks to
compute a histogram. Finally, block normalization is done and
the feature matrix is returned to the PS part for classiﬁcation,
non-maxima suppression and drawing rectangle around the
detected pedestrian as shown in Fig. 4.
V. EXPERIMENTAL RESULTS
We tested our proposed co-design approach using the MIT
pedestrian dataset [16] and it gives more than 98.9% detection
rate as shown in Table I. We then selected another challenging
dataset, INRIA dataset [15], to evaluate our proposed design-
ﬂow. Table II summarizes the detection performance results
TABLE I
EXPERIMENTAL RESULTS FOR MIT DATASET [16]
Image Type
RGB
Gray
Miss Rate
0.0109
0.0219
Precision
100.00
100.00
Recall
98.9
97.8
F Score
99.44
98.89
TABLE II
EXPERIMENTAL RESULTS FOR INRIA DATASET [15]
Image Resolution
640×480
576×432
544×384
Miss Rate
5.97
8.57
11.06
Precision
92.4
89.54
87.29
Recall
94.02
91.4
88.93
Time (sec)
2.42
1.57
1.41
for images of different resolutions. INRIA dataset contains
288 images of different sizes and conditions as test images.
Moreover, the optimized multi-stage training of SVM helped
in reducing the false positives and improved precision by 5%
as shown in Fig. 9.
Fig. 10 summarizes performance results to show that the
proposed co-design approach achieves classiﬁcation perfor-
mance equal to that of software-only approach which uses
full precision FP implementation.
Similarly, Table III shows the latency and performance com-
parison of our approach against both HW/SW co-design and
optimized OpenCV-based SW-only approaches for different
image resolutions. The test-case design, generated through
our methodology, achieves a speedup of 7.3× against the
software-only approach while maintaining the same perfor-
mance numbers (recall and precision). Similarly, our approach
achieves a speedup of 6.6× against the existing HW/SW co-
design approach with a 4–6% improvement in performance.
Fig. 11 shows two examples of pedestrian detection using the
proposed co-design framework.
$	
#
	%""&	

	
#
	%""&	
Fig. 9.
Pre-Model and Final Model Comparison after Multi-Stage SVM
Training
Authorized licensed use limited to: SLUB Dresden. Downloaded on January 02,2025 at 09:31:48 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
TABLE III
OVERALL PERFORMANCE COMPARISON OF OUR FRAMEWORK AGAINST EXISTING APPROACHES
Processing time per frame
Recall
Precision
(640×480) (s)
(%)
(%)
Optimized OpenCV-based SW-Only Approach
2.49
94.02
92.4
HW/SW Co-design Approach [7]
2.27
-
-
Proposed Approach
0.34
94.0
92.4


 
!
"
#
$%
&	
%
'	
&
()*

!  "
+,! -
+  !" 
Fig. 10. Detection Performance of HW-SW Co-design on Different Resolution
images
Fig. 11. Sample Results for our Proposed HW/SW Co-Design Approach
VI. CONCLUSIONS
Real-time pedestrian detection is an important feature
of intelligent Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS).
However, being computationally expensive, a general-purpose
processor-based implementation is not suitable for real-time
applications. To tackle this problem, we have proposed a
HW/SW co-design approach that starts with system-level load
proﬁling to ofﬂoad more compute-intensive onto FPGA while
control-oriented or precision-conscious tasks onto a soft-core
processor. The main contribution is to combine the speedup
of hardware (FPGA) and, precision and ﬂexibility of software
(processor) to get the best of both worlds. A test-case design
of HOG+SVM-based pedestrian detection system, generated
through our approach, shows a recall and precision numbers
of 94.02% and 92.4%, respectively while giving at least 7×
lower latency against the reported software implementations.
Moreover, it is 6.6× faster than the previously proposed
HW/SW co-design approaches with a 4–6% improvement
in performance numbers. Moreover, the proposed co-design
methodology is generic and can be adapted for other object
detection systems.
REFERENCES
[1] WHO. (2018) Global Status Report on Road Safety. [Online]. Available:
http://www.who.int/violence injury prevention/publications/road trafﬁc/
[2] W. H. Rankings, “Health Proﬁle: Pakistan,” Report, 2019. [Online].
Available:
https://www.worldlifeexpectancy.com/pakistan-road-trafﬁc-
accidents
[3] U.S.
Department
of
Health
&
Human
Services,
“Pedestrian
Safety,”
Report,
2019.
[Online].
Available:
https://www.cdc.gov/motorvehiclesafety/pedestrian safety/
[4] K.
V.
Sakhare,
T.
Tewari,
and
V.
Vyas,
“Review
of
Vehicle
Detection Systems in Advanced Driver Assistant Systems,” Archives of
Computational Methods in Engineering, pp. 1–20, Mar 2019. [Online].
Available: https://doi.org/10.1007/s11831-019-09321-3
[5] N. Dalal, B. Triggs, and C. Schmid, “Human Detection Using Oriented
Histograms of Flow and Appearance,” in Computer Vision – ECCV
2006, A. Leonardis, H. Bischof, and A. Pinz, Eds.
Berlin, Heidelberg:
Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2006, pp. 428–441.
[6] Xillybus Ltd., “IP Core Product Brief,” Techical Project, Xilinx, 2019.
[Online]. Available: http://xillybus.com
[7] J. Rettkowski, A. Boutros, and D. Gohringer, “HW/SW Co-Design of
the HOG algorithm on a Xilinx Zynq SoC,” Journal of Parallel and
Distributed Computing, vol. 109, pp. 50–62, 2017. [Online]. Available:
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0743731517301569
[8] K. Lillywhite, D. J. Lee, and D. Zhang, “Real-time human detection
using histograms of oriented gradients on a GPU,” in 2009 Workshop
on Applications of Computer Vision (WACV), Dec 2009, pp. 1–6.
[9] V.
Campmany,
S.
Silva,
A.
Espinosa,
J.
Moure,
D.
Vazquez,
and
A.
Lopez,
“GPU-based
Pedestrian
De-
tection
for
Autonomous
Driving,”
Procedia
Computer
Sci-
ence,
vol.
80,
pp.
2377–2381,
2016.
[Online].
Available:
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050916309395
[10] C.-Y. Chiang, Y.-L. Chen, K.-C. Ke, and S.-M. Yuan, “Real-Time Pedes-
trian Detection Technique for Embedded Driver Assistance Systems,” in
2015 IEEE International Conference on Consumer Electronics (ICCE),
Jan 2015, pp. 206–207.
[11] K. Negi, K. Dohi, Y. Shibata, and K. Oguri, “Deep Pipelined One-Chip
FPGA Implementation of a Real-time Image-based Human Detection
Algorithm,” in 2011 International Conference on Field-Programmable
Technology (FPT’11), Dec 2011, pp. 1–8.
[12] J. Rettkowski, A. Boutros, and D. Gohringer, “Real-Time Pedestrian
Detection on a Xilinx Zynq using the HOG Algorithm,” in 2015
International Conference on ReConFigurable Computing and FPGAs
(ReConFig’15), Dec 2015, pp. 1–8.
[13] K. P. Bennett and C. Campbell, “Support Vector Machines: Hype or
Hallelujah?” SIGKDD Explor. Newsl., vol. 2, no. 2, pp. 1–13, Dec.
2000. [Online]. Available: http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/380995.380999
[14] Xilinx, “Zedboard Documentation,” Technical Report, 2019. [Online].
Available: http://zedboard.org/product/zedboard
[15] INRIA Grenoble, “INRIA Person Dataset,” Technical Project, INRIA,
2019. [Online]. Available: http://pascal.inrialpes.fr/data/human/
[16] CBCL MIT, “MIT pedestrian dataset,” Technical Project, MIT, 2019.
[Online]. Available: http://poggio-lab.mit.edu/codedatasets
Authorized licensed use limited to: SLUB Dresden. Downloaded on January 02,2025 at 09:31:48 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
